Hi!

I am Oren Golan, an SDM on Amazon video in Seattle.

The name of my talk is "Are PWA the future of web development?".

Progressive Web Apps or PWA is a new way to build very performant websites.
It even compete with native - it gives you an app-like experience, offline support, and push notifications.

If you noticed, a few weeks ago Twitter announced twitter light. which is a PWD. Many users (including myself) uninstalled
the app and are using the PWA instead because it's better. There are other examples such as Aliexpress which is Alibaba's retail website, and Uber.

This talk will be light on theory.
I'll do a live demo of building a PWA from scratch using Preact which is React-like framewrok but with fraction of the size. it's only 3k.

The audience will be able to introduce PWA to their companies and build an amazing web apps with it.










--------
half of mobile site visits are abandoned if pages take longer than 3 seconds to load
For every 100 ms of improvement, you increase your revenue by 1%.

Amazon is driven by our customers and customers want to get things done quickly.
and that's why performance is rooted in our culture.

and it's driven by Google, Mozilla, Oprea and hopefuly Apple will join soon because they don't want to stay behind.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_M2sbYEQKc

---


1. What is the title of your talk? This should be short and engaging.
Are PWA the future of web development?

2. What is the summary of your talk? This will help attendees decide if they want to watch your talk and should not exceed a couple of paragraphs.
Progressive Web Apps or PWA is a new way to build very performant websites. It even compete with native - it gives you an app-like experience, offline support, and push notifications.
A few weeks ago Twitter announced 'Twitter Light'. It's a PWA. Many users (including myself) uninstalled the native Twitter app and instead uses the PWA because it performs better and feel lighter.
There are other examples for big companies that recently switched to PWA such as AliExpress which is Alibaba's retail website.
This talk will be light on theory. I'll do a live demo of building a PWA from scratch using Preact which is React-like framewrok but with fraction of the size. it's only 3k.
The audience will be able to introduce PWA to thier team at amazon and build an amazing web apps with it.

3. What is the abstract of your talk? This should describe your talk in detail so the WebDevCon team can evaluate it for submission.

Why Peformance matters?
  How performance impacts the company's revenues.
What's a Progressive Web App?
  Progressive - works on every browser, Responsive - works on every screen-size, Connectivity independent - can work offline or low-quality networks, App-like - feels like an app.
Who is driving it?
  The main forces behind it - Google, Mozilla, and  Oprea. What about Apple?
A few examples of large companies that adopted PWA - Twitter, AliExpress
Let's dive in! - live code session where we build a PWA together

4. What is the URL for your 30-60 second pitch video? Please use drive.corp.amazon.com and add view permissions for anyone.
https://drive.corp.amazon.com/documents/oreng@/Conferences/webdevcon-eu-2017-oren-golan.mp4

5. Additional presenter names (include username):
No additional presenter but here my presestation style (link to another talk I gave) - https://www.joyent.com/blog/node-js-on-the-road-la-oren-golan
